# CSE201
CSE201 Spring Semester Group 3
5Head Technologies consists of four team members that have limited technical skills in programming and software design, therefore the main focus of our project is to treat it as a learning experience while doing our best to meet TA expectations for our application. Our application is a catalog of video games that can be searched, filtered, and sorted based on user input. New games can be added through user requests, and users can create an account to add and view their favorite video games. We are using Java for functionality and Java swing for our UI. Data is stored in tab-delimited files. Over the course of this semester, we have learned to use technologies such as Trello to keep track of tasks for team members, GitHub to learn version control and host our code, and discord as a platform for communication. Additionally, we have learned that meeting TA expectations requires a lot of recurring meetings due to changing requirements and unexpected holdups; however, overall, if we were to restart the whole project knowing what we know now, we would function more productively because this project was a fantastic learning experience in software development.
Adam Seitz is the project manager for 5Head Technologies. His skills involve communication, programming, and task management. One of the responsibilities of being a project manager involves communicating with the client in a friendly, professional manner. Adam would greet the client during meetings and make sure the client feels comfortable, important, and heard. Adam would send weekly emails to the client regarding the agenda for the meetings, and if any issues arise or more design information is required, Adam makes sure to get feedback from the client. Additionally, Adam breaks down user stories into tasks and delegates tasks and deliverables to team members. Reminders and important announcements regarding responsibilities or new information are made by Adam on Discord. Lastly, Adam is skilled in programming and has made a lot of contributions in completing tasks using Java and Java swing and helping others with their programming.
Jonny Chen is the technical manager for 5Head Technologies. After working with the team in breaking down the application transcript into functional requirements,Jonny Chenpicked the technologies that best fit the software development process for this application. Jonny picked GitHub for hosting and version control, Discord for communication among team members, Trello for managing tasks, and Google Drive for managing documents and diagrams. Also, Jonny managed and analyzed the burn-down chart for every iteration making sure we have a good understanding of the current work completed and how much work needs to be done by the end of each iteration. Jonny also contributed to a lot of the programming by implementing the login feature as well as the sort feature, and he created the class diagram.
Hong Chen is the programming lead for 5Head Technologies. His skills in Java have helped the team implement features with his expertise in Java Swing. He helped create the table that is used when displaying the catalog of video games. He created the login user interface and made the search bar have functionality. His strong understanding of Java and object oriented-programming transferred to the design process as he knew what classes needed to be made in order to make the code more cohesive. Without Hong Chen, the diagrams would’ve been a lot more difficult to make. During iteration presentations, he understands the code better than anyone else and so he does a majority of the code explanation.
Dominique Hall is our data layer expert. During the designing process of the VideoGame catalog, he created the use case diagrams that gave both the client and the team a better understanding of how the application will function in the future. He also created the state diagram that helped explain the different states the system will be in as well as the different events that occur that alter the system state. Dominique Hall also helped others create the sequence diagrams and class diagrams, and he helped implement a lot of the UI and functionality such as the filter and add entry use cases.
